OCPBUGS-35851#adding missing port details (#79494)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-about-custom-azure-vnet.adoc

Because cluster components do not modify the user-provided network security groups, which the Kubernetes controllers update, a pseudo-network security group is created for the Kubernetes controller to modify without impacting the rest of the environment.

.Ports used for all-machine to all-machine communications
[cols="2a,2a,5a",options="header"]
|===

|Protocol
|Port
|Description

|ICMP
|N/A
|Network reachability tests

.3+|TCP
|`1936`
|Metrics

|`9000`-`9999`
|Host level services, including the node exporter on ports `9100`-`9101` and
the Cluster Version Operator on port `9099`.

|`10250`-`10259`
|The default ports that Kubernetes reserves

.6+|UDP
|`4789`
|VXLAN

|`6081`
|Geneve

|`9000`-`9999`
|Host level services, including the node exporter on ports `9100`-`9101`.

|`500`
|IPsec IKE packets

|`4500`
|IPsec NAT-T packets

|`123`
|Network Time Protocol (NTP) on UDP port `123`

> If an external NTP time server is configured, you must open UDP port `123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you configure an external NTP time server, you must open UDP port `123`.
```
